In this best practices lecture, I will introduce you to the first principle
Which is a very popular principle in the agile software testing world?
Wherein it is an acronym, wherein F
Stands for fast unittest I for independent test
R for repeatable test
S for
self-validating test and
T for timely unit tests
So we should have fastest always, so if we go back to our eclipse
if we
Run our tests by right-clicking on the test package or the test source folder
runas junit test
All our tests run and the results are displayed within milliseconds
That is how unittest should be
So that we can repeat the test again and again and get the feedback right away that is very important when it comes to
production code we can't wait for the bugs to clip in by taking a lot of time for running the unittest
Second test should be independent that is none of our test here
Test method should depend on another test method for its data set up
If if that is the case if one test fails all the tests that depend on that particular test will fail
So we should never ever depend on other test methods for a particular test method to work
3rd are for repeatable
We should be able to run these tests across environments that is
Our development machine QA environment
Staging production whenever we want. We should be able to quickly run them and see the results right away
So test should be repeatable
4th S for self validating test should either faith or succeed. It is it should be a
Boolean result we should not be writing the test results into some log files and then reading those log files
Processing the results and all that which is very time-consuming
always remember that
That should be
Should yield boolean results either failed or success
finally
the last T in first stands for timely
We should always be not lazy and write our test as soon as we write any code or even before
We write any production called Following TDD
Should always write tests on time so that the code we write is also off good quality?
To summarize, in this lecture we have learnt the first
principle of agile software testing wherein F stands for fast unittest then we should
Be able to run our tests really quick
Independent test should not depend on other test methods to work
Repeatable we should be able to repeat and run the test across environments that is how things should be coded
self validating that is the result should either be
failed or success and not spend a lot of time to process the results?
Timely, we should always right tests, and that too before we write our production as much as possible.